# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

This week was a lot of work but I think we did a great job. The website still doesnt look totally profesional to me, but it is a project so its good to have realistic expectations. There was one thing I wanted to get done with the last day but struggled greatly on, the good news is that one of my partners and I are going to come back and do some more work on the project while the course is going on so in  time it can look better and better and it will become something I Can show potential employers. I think I realized I would much rather have someone else design the whole thing and just tell me what to code though, it was a little hard being able to make so many decisions and trying to know what the best direction for the website would be. Ultimately my group did a good job and I think we had quite a unique idea as far as projects go. It was good experience working with a group because in the future its wfar more likely I will be working on a team than trying to code something on my own so I will have to get used to that.